[IMP] website/design: update Themes page (#18523)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/web_design/themes.rst

General theme
=============

Odoo provides a range of theme :ref:`customization options <website/themes/page-layouts>`, allowing

> you to define the website's :ref:`colors <website/themes/colors>`, :ref:`fonts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo provides a range of theme :ref:`customization options <website/themes/page-layouts>` to define the website's :ref:`colors <website/themes/colors>` and :ref:`fonts
```
- I know you got rid of **a lot** of *you*s throughout the doc already, thank you for that! 🙂 I think this one here can go as well 🙂 
- *and* since it's only 2 things here

<website/themes/fonts>`, and the appearance of :ref:`paragraphs and headings
<website/themes/paragraphs-headings>`, :ref:`buttons <website/themes/button-styles>`, :ref:`links
<website/themes/link-style>`, and :ref:`input fields <website/themes/input-fields>`. Additional
:ref:`advanced settings <website/themes/advanced>` are also available.

When setting up a website for the first time, you are prompted to select a theme. Hover the mouse
over the themes to see an extended preview of each one. Click a theme to select it, or click the

> :guilabel:`View more themes` button to discover more themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`View more themes` button to display the full list of available themes.
```
or something similar that's a bit more precise
(maybe a nitpick though 🙈 )

.. note::

>    If you leave without selecting a theme, your website will be created with the default theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you leave without selecting a theme, the website is created with the default theme.
```
to avoid *you* + unnecessary future tense

.. _website/themes/page-layouts:

To customize the theme, open the website editor, navigate to the :guilabel:`Theme` tab, and go to
the :guilabel:`Website` section. You can:

- Click :guilabel:`Switch Theme` to open the theme selector. Hover the mouse over the themes to see
  an extended preview of each one. Click :guilabel:`Use this theme` to apply it to the website or

>   click :icon:`fa-times` (:guilabel:`Close`) to abort.

Reviewer: I would personnally not mention the close option (I think we can focus on the actually switching part + the close option is super intuitive so no need to really mention it IMO) but if you want to keep it, please do! but i'd replace *abort* with something else

- Add a :doc:`language <../configuration/multi_website>` for the website.
- Select the :guilabel:`Page Layout` to change the overall display and spacing of building blocks
  and website elements on pages.
- Customize the layout's :guilabel:`Background` by:

  - choosing a :ref:`color <website/themes/colors>`;
  - adding an :ref:`image <website/elements/images>`;
  - using a selected image in a :guilabel:`Pattern`; or
  - selecting :icon:`fa-ban` :guilabel:`None`.

Click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the changes to the website.

.. _website/themes/colors:

Colors
======

Odoo's website editor features two main types of colors: :ref:`theme colors
<website/themes/theme-colors>` and :ref:`status colors <website/themes/status-colors>`.

.. _website/themes/theme-colors:

Theme colors
------------

> Theme colors refer to the set of colors displayed across all pages of the website. Theme colors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theme colors refer to the set of colors displayed across all pages of the website. They
```

users and website visitors. To customize the website's :guilabel:`Status Colors`, scroll down to
the :ref:`Advanced <website/themes/advanced>` section and click the dots to change their color.

.. example::

   Information related to a successful action on the website appears in :icon:`oi-green-dot` green.

   .. image:: themes/advanced.png
      :alt: Status color selection

   .. image:: themes/success.png
      :alt: Success pop-up

.. _website/themes/fonts:

Fonts
=====

Odoo allows you to customize the font family and font size of website elements, including
:ref:`paragraphs and headings <website/themes/paragraphs-headings>`, :ref:`buttons
<website/themes/button-styles>`, and :ref:`input fields <website/themes/input-fields>`.

- :guilabel:`Font Size`: In the :guilabel:`Paragraph`, :guilabel:`Headings`, :guilabel:`Button`, and
  :guilabel:`Input Fields` sections, use the :guilabel:`Font Size` field to set a default size.
  Click the :icon:`fa-caret-right` (:guilabel:`Toggle more options`) icon to expand the section and
  define custom sizes (e.g., based on the heading level, button size, etc.).

- :guilabel:`Font Family`: In the :guilabel:`Paragraph`, :guilabel:`Headings`, and

>   :guilabel:`Button` sections, select a font from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: Do you know what the *System Fonts* option is supposed to do?

<img width="293" height="182" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/be635692-697f-4d36-a830-1ab9babe239b" />

Author: @auva-odoo I think it is the browser's "native font" of the visitor's operating system. It is installed on the visitor's operating system. Do you think it is worth mentioning?

Reviewer: maybe just quickly? in a note or something? what do you think?

Author: Will do it :)

Custom fonts
------------

It is possible to use fonts on the website that are not offered by default in Odoo. To add a custom
font, click the dropdown menu related to the :guilabel:`Font Family` field and select :guilabel:`Add
a Custom Font` at the bottom of the dropdown menu. In the :guilabel:`Add a Google font or upload a

> custom font` pop-up window:

Reviewer: What about grouping these two sentences and simplifying a bit:

```suggestion
To add a custom font not available by default in Odoo, click the :guilabel:`Font Family` dropdown and select :guilabel:`Add a Custom Font` at the bottom. In the :guilabel:`Add a Google font or upload a custom font` pop-up:
```

.. _website/themes/button-styles:

Buttons
-------

To customize the style of the website's primary and secondary buttons, navigate to the
:guilabel:`Button` section and edit the relevant options:

- Open the :icon:`fa-caret-down` dropdown menu next to the :guilabel:`Primary Style` or
  :guilabel:`Secondary Style` fields to change the style for each button type, such as
  :guilabel:`Fill`, :guilabel:`Outline`, or :guilabel:`Flat`. When selecting :guilabel:`Outline`,
  the :guilabel:`Border Width` option appears below, allowing you to adjust the width of the
  button's outline.
- Modify the :ref:`font settings <website/themes/fonts>`.
- Adjust the :guilabel:`Padding` to change the spacing around the buttons' labels.
- Use the :guilabel:`Round Corners` option to adjust the buttons' border radius.
- Add an animation when a button is clicked in the :guilabel:`On Click Effect` dropdown menu.

.. image:: themes/buttons.png
   :alt: Primary and secondary buttons

.. tip::
   You can define custom :guilabel:`Small` and :guilabel:`Large` sizes for the buttons'
   :guilabel:`Padding`, :guilabel:`Font Size`, and :guilabel:`Round Corners`. To do so, click the

>    :icon:`fa-caret-right` (:guilabel:`Toggle more options`) icon, then use the related fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define custom :guilabel:`Small` and :guilabel:`Large` sizes for the buttons'
:guilabel:`Padding`, :guilabel:`Font Size`, and :guilabel:`Round Corners`, click the
:icon:`fa-caret-right` (:guilabel:`Toggle more options`) icon, then use the related fields.
```

.. _website/themes/link-style:

Links
-----

In the :guilabel:`Link` section, open the :icon:`fa-caret-down` dropdown menu next to
:guilabel:`Link Style` to choose the appearance of links on the website. You can choose between:

- :guilabel:`No Underline`;
- :guilabel:`Underline On Hover`; or
- :guilabel:`Always Underline`.

.. _website/themes/input-fields:

Input fields
------------

> To customize the style of the website's input fields, navigate to the :guilabel:`Input Fields`

Reviewer: By input fields, do we mean the fields displayed on a form? or are there other input fields?

If it's only the form, i think I would either add a reference on *input fields* or a seealso with a reference to the Form block section on the Building blocks doc page?

Author: No, input fields are any type of field where you enter something. For example, the field to enter your email address to subscribe to a newsletter or even a search bar

Reviewer: Ah yes, I see! thank you for providing examples, this helps me understand things a lot :slightly_smiling_face:

section and edit the relevant options:

- Adjust the :guilabel:`Padding` to change the spacing around the fields.
- Modify the :ref:`font settings <website/themes/fonts>`.
- Customize the :guilabel:`Border Width` around fields.
- Define a :guilabel:`Border Radius` to round the fields' corners.
- Choose a :guilabel:`Background` :ref:`color <website/themes/colors>` to fill the fields.

.. _website/themes/advanced:

Advanced settings
=================

In the :guilabel:`Advanced` section, you can configure additional settings, such as
:doc:`showing headers <../structure/header_footer>`, using :guilabel:`Code Injection` for
:ref:`Website verification through an HTML tag <website/google_search_console/HTML-tag>`, and

> configuring :ref:`status colors <website/themes/status-colors>` and :guilabel:`Grays`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional settings can be configured in the :guilabel:`Advanced` section, such as
:doc:`showing or hiding the header <../structure/header_footer>`, using :guilabel:`Code Injection` for
:ref:`website verification through an HTML tag <website/google_search_console/HTML-tag>`, and
configuring :ref:`status colors <website/themes/status-colors>` and :guilabel:`Grays`.
```
(to avoid repeating "you can" twice close together + I think it's important to mention hiding the header since that's probably going to be the main purpose of this option since headers are mostly shown by default I think?)

You can also configure Google Maps to display maps and enable geolocation features on the
website, e.g., on the :guilabel:`Contact Us` page and in specific snippets. To configure this
option:

> #. Click :guilabel:`Custom Key` next to :guilabel:`Google Map`.

Reviewer: I think I would move this after the Google configuration parts (after line 235, before we mention pasting the API key) to keep all Odoo configuration together instead of going to odoo, then google, then odoo again? and add:

```suggestion
#. In the website editor, click :guilabel:`Custom Key` next to :guilabel:`Google Map`.
```
or maybe we should even mention, go to the Theme tab and scroll to the Advanced section again? just so the instructions are complete here? not sure, but I would definitely mention the website editor at the very least for context, to clarify that we're not in Google anymore

#. In your `Google account <https://console.cloud.google.com/getting-started>`_, :ref:`enable
   <address_autocomplete/enable-api>` the :guilabel:`Maps Static API`, :guilabel:`Maps JavaScript
   API`, and :guilabel:`Places API`.

   .. important::
      - Do not enable :guilabel:`Places API (New)`, as it is not yet supported by Odoo.
      - Using the Google APIs could require `payment to Google
        <https://mapsplatform.google.com/pricing/>`_.

> #. :ref:`Create an API key <address_autocomplete/generate_api_key>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. :ref:`Create an API key <address_autocomplete/generate_api_key>` and copy it.
```

> #. Copy the API key and paste it into the :guilabel:`API Key` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Paste the API key into the :guilabel:`API Key` field.
```
